# focus
- weeklys
- maui safety binder
# to do
## personal space
- ~~early collection
- ~~late collection
- ~~toss ppk bottles
## weeklys
- ~~order items
- ~~order fly food
- ~~update slides
- ~~flush eyewash
## static stability

## etc
- ~~process package
- ~~gas tank 
	- empty down 
	- new up
- email post-doc laurence *drafted email - messaged carter to get his email*
	- cc carter
	- wednesday / monday / tuesday
- next time i autoclave GET PICTURES ACCORDING TO THE AUTOCLAVE AGORA
## AFTER DEC 1
- meet with mary to talk about assisting with the hotcell project
	- bring up ideas in [[post 10.23.2024]]
## enki
- write an agora for enki *do this after princess is able to use him in a functional capacity*
	- how to build 
		- parts list
		- length of all tubes used
		- STL file for needle holder and sample holder?
	- how to use
	- how to maintain
	- troubleshooting
	- draw a schematic
## maui
- MAUI safety binder
	- make sections in the binder + organize
	- what needs to be in there 
		- ~~Emergency information
		- CHP lab specific
			- compressed gas SOPs
		- ~~laser safety procedure 
		- safety matrix for each worker
		- safety training records for each worker
		- lab floor plan
		- self inspection records
			- *we dont have any - make a section for future self inspections*
		- ~~lab safety manual
	- what do we need to do to get the laser certified?
		- wait for completed installation and then contact amy (<[amylhlim@uw.edu]>) and set up an inspection / hazard assessment 
			- complete the safety binder
	- ~~**complete laser registration**~~
## agoras
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
- how to add new people to maui?
	- PERSON
		- safety trainings
			- fire extinguisher
			- lab chemicals
			- compressed gas
			- laser worker safety
	- BINDER
		- add a new safety training matrix sheet
		- add a new safety training record sheet
		- add a new name + contact information to pg 16 of the LSM (personnel list)
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora on how to add flies to the stock list
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble 365/332/342
- go through and address the notes in 2/16/2024 safety report on the lab safety dashboard
	- check that all feasible notes have been addressed
- update lab safety dashboard
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips
# notes
## order
- ~~flush eyewash
- email laurence + cc carter
	- *drafted email - messaged carter to get his email address*
- order items 
- more!

## order 2
- ~~eat
- ~~gas tanks with princess
- ~~order items
- ~~add to slides
- more safety binder
## maui safety binder
### what do I need from people working with maui?
- page 16 CHP
	- UW netID
	- title / job position
- Safety Matrices
	- signature
	- sama's signature on all of them
- UW specific safety trainings
	- oreint people to ...
		- UW safety manual
		- SOPs - compressed gas
		- PPE requirements
		- location of emergency equipment
			- fire extinguisher
		- how to respond to emergencies
	- signature and date

### compressed gas SOP
- is carbogen a particularly hazardous substance?
- do i need to log gasses in mychem?
- where is the SDS for this gas 
	- I have not been able to find it on the linde site, nothing with 95% oxygen
		- *contacted linde to get an SDS*
- do we need IACUC approval for our use of carbogen?
- CAS - only found CAS for oxygen and carbon dioxide but not for the mix

- i am struggling with this - added that I am struggling to my slides to talk to sama with tomorrow
**come back to this late - something else now**

### laser registration
- pulse rate (Hz) = pulse width 100 fs (at 900 nm) 
	- is 100 fs the rate?
- Serial number?
	- L-0000132 is what was autoflilled - but double check
# done
- processed package - reached out to genesee to get the last unit of ordered tubing
- ordered fly food
- early collection
- tossed ppk bottles
- flushed eyewash
- wrote DRAFT of email to laurence
	- need carter's email
- messaged for gas tank
- laser safety procedures printed and in binder
- moved gas tanks with princess
- ordered items
- added to slides
- reached out to linde to try and get the SDS for the carbogen
- late collection
	- no flies, tossed dead/dying bottles
- started + submitted laser registration
	- some fields missing, marked below to fill in later
# to do tomorrow
- 3 - meeting with sama
- 330 - static stability test with lydia

- laser registration
	- serial number?
	- laser medium?
	- max operating power?
	- pulse frequency?
	- pulse duration?

NEXT MONDAY
- begin running static stability tests for lydia

move sop and laser registration questions to slides