WFH
kid visit and hotcell primer reading

## kid visit! january 23rd

i am now captain of the kid visit

ideas!

- opto with moonwalker flies

- the kids bring things to see under the microscope

- we prep maui videos

- behavior fly on the ball synced with neurons lighting up

- 3d print something they can take home! have it running so the kids can see it being printed AND ALSO have some things premade (5 units) so thye can take it home :)

  

Start kid visit plans and prep

- Prep flies to use in opto AND talk to mary about which opto protocol / rig that would be best to use
    
- Maui video functional? Reach out to princess to see what we have available 
    
- Find 3d print files to make and make them (5 units)
    

## Hot cell

Read the hot cell / 3metheus things on twist

- Write down short hand notes
    
- Write down questions
    

  

## etc

Copy notes from notebook to google docs

  

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Kid Visit Activities (6 and 10)

Activity list:

- Microscope looking
- Checking out the 3d printer
- Looking at flies in the opto rig 
	- how do i make this more interactive?
- Looking at maui video
    
342

- Kids bring things to look at under the microscope
	- I explain to them how a microscope works SIMPLY
	- How do microscopes work?
	- Prep an image to help describe how a microscope works (a picture of a microscope with internal pieces showing / a second picture showing all of the parts labeled with names)

- The kids look at the 3D printer as its running
	- I explain how a 3d printer of this type works (lego blocks, building up layer by layer)
	- I show them the little fly thing we printed that they can take home
	    - carter is looking at the 3 different models below to see which works the best

- 3d fly model: [https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:182138](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:182138)
- 2d fly model: [https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:838447](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:838447)
- Fruit fly brain: [https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:502461](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:502461)
    

365

- Moonwalker flies in the opto rig
	- Where are the moonwalker flies? Do i have enough time to set up a moonwalker cross to use in the opto? If not, use a different type of flies?
		- i talked to kyle and hes giving me a flip of them
		- sama says i should also check out fru-gal4, check what these are and where they are
    
- Which bonsai script should I use with these flies?
	- Heard back from mary: opto_control is the workflow we should use, turn opto on with A and off with B
	- Explain how optogenetics work

- Watch maui video on the 365 computer (the neurons lighting up as the fly moves ideal, but neurons light up focus)
    

Things to learn (take notes to describe simply)

- How microscopes work
- How 3d printers work
- How optogenetics work

Things to make ahead of time

- Print out labeled microscope image
- Print out internal microscope image
- Moonwalker flies (preloaded into the rig?)
- 3d printed objects
- Maui video on 365 computer for kids to watch
    
Things to send Chad

- Safety information (what clothes to wear / what to bring / what not to bring)
- Information about how to find the building / get inside of it (contact info to bring him up)
- Closer to the day - an itinerary of what we’ll be looking at
- Look and see if there are waivers that they need to sign 
    

Kyle getting me a flip of the moonwalker-gal4 flies  and i asked him for fru-gal4 as well

Princess - recording a video today or tomorrow, interested in helping with kid day (asked to show them and explain the maui video and help with opto with prometheus)

  

To do when i get back in

- Set up moonwalker-ppk cross to use
- find fru-gal4 and what they do
- Make sure i have enough ATR food to put the flies on
    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hot cell primer

Notes on the manuscript + questions

Closed loop - incorporating realtime feedback (so a closed loop system is one that responds to the environment, its the opto being triggered by the flies completing specific behaviors)

Zoolander experiments - slides can only turn in one direction, punished with opto when they turn in the other direction

Hot cell - thats the social learning visual field on i believe? NO the social learning is called cyclops - how does hot cell fit into this? but the flies in cyclops are labeled hotcell

Behavior multitasking - thats the wing extension during walking or not (using opto to see if you can get the flies to extend their wings while walking or standing more easily

  

Questions

- Is the hotcell experiment on hold for the moment until the closed loop system is better at reading the flies while experiments are being performed?
- How were / are the cyclops experiments being completed?
- Is there a protocol for the multitasking experiments that can be read and referenced?
- where is the latency showing up? Is it behavior to opto changes or something else?
	- Could this be related to the sleap inference issue?
- What is the sleap model getting incorrect about the flies body position? Are there some factors it is more accurate in reporting than others?
- Is there anything else that we could do to improve the sleap inference issue?
    
- Is there any value to me focusing on hotcell currently - referencing the ideas written out previously (in the post meeting notes)