# focus

# to do
## today
- ~~1:30 - 1-1 with sama and carter
- ~~get karin to sign 359 paper work~~ *moved to tomorrow*
- ~~ORCID

- ~~tu
	- ~~BDSC
	- ~~return info
	- ~~object order~~ *moved to tomorrow with other weeklys*
	- ~~startup for coffee zone?
## QOL
- tool box - what do we need for tools BEFORE we order a box
## etc
- signs
	- make signage for main lab spaces
	- NOT 403A
- python practice
- label the cameras in 328 with ahmed lab + phone number
## non-research goals
- finish logging flystocks
- safety binder 
	- 332
	- 342
	- 328
- laser hazard walkthrough points
## troubleshoot incubation chambers
- brown goop on fans
	- wipe with vinegar / water mix - same cleaning recommended for the filter cases
- clean water reservoir
	- read manual and clean based on that with carter
	- *tried to do this! issues detailed below*
- contact rich + darwin about the differences between the incubator manual and the incubators we have
	- cant get the white tube on the left detached
	- the extra tube for water on the side
	- dont have a screwdriver for the top
## laser hazard walkthrough deliverables
THINGS AMY WANTS
- light tight laser enclosure
	- *objects needed ordered*
- laser in use sign - switch the front sign piece to red in place of green
- what wavelength do we use?
	- alignment -
	- operation - 920 nm
- signage on the hallway doors - for emergency personnel to know the center rooms are occupied
	- building coordinator contact about this
	- *emailed william about this - reached out to amy about it*
- add karin to the binder
## hotcell
- its trial and error time!
	- take mary's single fly and boundary model + test a fly in it
	- take notes about what works and what doesnt
	- change parameters and see what changes
		- add snapshots of the workflow to my slides

**GOALS BY NEXT WEEK**
- test flies (wild type or hotcell) in the single fly + boundary experiment and see what happens
	- it will fail - try and fix it
	- add snapshots of my workflow to my slide 
		- where did i try and fix it?
		- how did it work?
*bela set goals*
- set up a hotcell bottle for myself
- set up a wild type bottle for myself
- have/set up a bonsai meeting with mary and mateo
- start a bonsai thread in the 3metheus channel and ask 1 question
## enki
- write an agora for enki *do this after princess is able to use him in a functional capacity*
	- how to build 
		- parts list
		- length of all tubes used
		- STL file for needle holder and sample holder?
	- how to use
	- how to maintain
	- troubleshooting
	- draw a schematic
- [[enki breakdown]] continue
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
- how to add new people to maui?
	- PERSON
		- safety trainings
			- fire extinguisher
			- lab chemicals
			- compressed gas
			- laser worker safety
	- BINDER
		- add a new safety training matrix sheet
		- add a new safety training record sheet
		- add a new name + contact information to pg 16 of the LSM (personnel list)
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble 365/332/342
- go through and address the notes in 2/16/2024 safety report on the lab safety dashboard
	- check that all feasible notes have been addressed
- update lab safety dashboard
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips
# notes
## order
- ~~bring down laptop and complete BDSC order
	- ask about coffee zone
- ~~object order~~ *postponed, just do object order tomorrow*
- ~~ORCID (set up and add to agora)
- 365 look at bonsai *when mateo is not using the computer - go in and grab the scripts with a flash drive (check with sama?)*

## bonsai
- ~~exercise 6 - do post meeting~~ *NO WE ARE DONE WITH BONSAI TUTORIALS*

talked with sama about bonsai in our 1-1
it's trial and error time! run marys code and see where it fails 
- what does changing parameters do?
- what does changing operators do?
- *just try out stuff, there is no such thing as a wrong direction or wasted time so long as i am working with the thing - just try and document it! no one will be mad at you for being wrong!*
## what do i do today?
- go to look at the computer in 365
	- what program is the single fly and boundary on the computer?
- look at flies - set up wild type bottle + hot cell bottle?

## what do i do tomorrow?
- meeting
- make sure that hotcell is on both computers
- grab a wild type fly and run it in the hotcell
	- what fails?
	- what works?
	- change some of the parameters - what happens?
# done
- sent return info to tu
- ordered BDSC flies
- asked tu about the coffee zone
- set upo ORCID and added to my agora profile
- organized purchase spreadsheet
- looked at lab coffee machines
- 1-1 with sama
- reached out to mary and mateo about bonsai meeting
- wrote [[post 2.24.2025 notes]]
- made new fly traps for 342
- messaged mateo about old bottles
- messaged mateo about setting up hotcell, chr and wildtype flies from his bottles
- messaged mary if hotcell can be used on both computers
# to do tomorrow
- weeklys
	- object order
	- flush eyewash
	- ~~order flyfood~~ none needed this week, BUT check the building to see if we have any food hanging there

- NSC wa employee form print and sama sign / digi sign
- come up with flex time plan and send to sama (when i do sculpture class) 

WEDNESDAY
- put away the long white light in 365
- tidy up lab spaces

WEDNESDAY 1:30
- mary photoshoot!
- lab coats, help direct as needed

WEDNESDAY 3:30
- go over maui paperwork with karin

