# focus
- actually running animals in hotcell
# to do
## today
- ~~lab meeting
- NSC documentation to sama
	- flex time plan *not priority*

- ~~go downstairs to see if rich is there

- ~~check fly traps in 365
## weeklys
- ~~order objects
- ~~flush eyewash
## EH&S INSPECTION PREP
- print check off sheet and check everything (the satisfactory and the nonsatisfactory) to make sure everything is still up to snuff
- check through the check off sheet and see if theres anything that can be addressed 
	- read over the comments - correct the things that can be corrected easily / make plans to correct them to share / determine that they are worth eating the point reduction
- contact EH&S about getting G336 (the shared lab space) put under my control / list sigmacote on the UW chemical exchange

- update the lab safety manual in all lab locations
### REQUIRED
- Please send us copies of or links to the following elements of your Chemical Hygiene Plan that are available electronically or online: risk assessments, SOPs, floorplans, training records, lab-specific training records, PPE assessments, PPE training records.

- Please check that the staff list on your Laboratory Safety Dashboard, including UW netIDs and roles, is current. We will review those records in preparation for our visit.
## QOL
- tool box - what do we need for tools BEFORE we order a box
## etc
- signs
	- make signage for main lab spaces
	- NOT 403A
- python practice
## non-research goals
- finish logging flystocks
- safety binder 
	- 332
	- 342
	- 328
- laser hazard walkthrough points
## troubleshoot incubation chambers
- brown goop on fans
	- wipe with vinegar / water mix - same cleaning recommended for the filter cases
- clean water reservoir
	- read manual and clean based on that with carter
	- *tried to do this! issues detailed below*
- contact rich + darwin about the differences between the incubator manual and the incubators we have
	- cant get the white tube on the left detached
	- the extra tube for water on the side
	- dont have a screwdriver for the top
## laser hazard walkthrough deliverables
THINGS AMY WANTS
- light tight laser enclosure
	- *objects needed ordered*
- laser in use sign - switch the front sign piece to red in place of green
- what wavelength do we use?
	- alignment -
	- operation - 920 nm
- signage on the hallway doors - for emergency personnel to know the center rooms are occupied
	- building coordinator contact about this
	- *emailed william about this - reached out to amy about it*
- add karin to the binder
## hotcell
- its trial and error time!
	- take mary's single fly and boundary model + test a fly in it
	- take notes about what works and what doesnt
	- change parameters and see what changes
		- add snapshots of the workflow to my slides

**GOALS BY NEXT WEEK**
- test flies (wild type or hotcell) in the single fly + boundary experiment and see what happens
	- it will fail - try and fix it
	- add snapshots of my workflow to my slide 
		- where did i try and fix it?
		- how did it work?
*bela set goals*
- ~~set up a hotcell bottle for myself
- ~~set up a wild type bottle for myself
- ~~have/set up a bonsai meeting with mary and mateo~~ *scheduled - thursday at 1*
- ~~start a bonsai thread in the 3metheus channel and ask 1 question
## enki
- write an agora for enki *do this after princess is able to use him in a functional capacity*
	- how to build 
		- parts list
		- length of all tubes used
		- STL file for needle holder and sample holder?
	- how to use
	- how to maintain
	- troubleshooting
	- draw a schematic
- [[enki breakdown]] continue
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
- how to add new people to maui?
	- PERSON
		- safety trainings
			- fire extinguisher
			- lab chemicals
			- compressed gas
			- laser worker safety
	- BINDER
		- add a new safety training matrix sheet
		- add a new safety training record sheet
		- add a new name + contact information to pg 16 of the LSM (personnel list)
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble 365/332/342
- go through and address the notes in 2/16/2024 safety report on the lab safety dashboard
	- check that all feasible notes have been addressed
- update lab safety dashboard
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips
# notes
## order
- ~~order objects
- ~~flush eyewash
- ~~visit downstairs

## order
- ~~check 365 fly traps
- ~~find mateo *mateo on the phone - what do i do while i wait*
	- ask about setting up bottles from his
	- ask about setting up a bonsai meeting with mary and i
	- tell old bottle
## order
- okay! talked to mateo - he's futzing around im futzing around, we'll make it work
- also i can use some of his flies to start my own bottles yay!

after lunch 
- ~~set up new bottles
- run single fly hotcell boundary exp and see what happens

- check if mateo is running anything in 365 - if prometheus is being used what do i do?
	- safety binder?
## hmm
- he's been using prometheus a lot, and the hotcell cant run on epimetheus (no sleap no opto) - so i need to start using prometheus meaning he has to use it less
- i can ask wheat times he isnt using it  / we figure out a schedule between the two of us to us it?
- why am i so anxious about this? 
	- i feel like what im doing is less important - because i know what i am doing much less *you'll never know what to do if you dont do it*
	- i feel like he'll be annoyed (that someone else in the lab has to use lab equipment? if he is that sounds like a personal problem)
	- ill never get better if i dont try, and i cant try if i cant use the machine
		- this is just like the SARP machine shop - i didnt want to practice on anything important, so i never practiced and i woke up early for nothing!

## 328
- if we do lab stuff in there, we cant have food - move food out during inspection
- should I add it to the inspection list?
	- messaged sama - said i will tell the inspector, but hold off on actually telling until i get a response

- tell inspector about 328?
	- safety sign up
	- spill kit?
	- fire extinguisher?
	- safety binder
	- remove food
## safety inspection
hey! stop freaking out - this is not meant to be a punitive process - you will learn what you have to do to be safer! thats a great thing! this is not a punitive process 
this is not meant to be punitive - worst thing that could happen is that you fix it and then call them back - you are new at this and not an expert and thats okay - why are you so scared - what if i did something wrong, what if i didnt do what i needed to do, 

you are going to be okay, stuff happens + if you need to fix something you'll fix it!
# done
- lab meeting
- ordered objects
- started bonsai questions thread on twist
- flushed eyewash
- checked with rich, set up work time with him, messaged carter
- replaced fly traps in 365
- set up bottles of wild type, hot cell and chr flies 
- scheduled bonsai meeting with mary and mateo
- contacted eun joo about sigmacote - list on chemical exchange
- processed packages
- prepping for eh&s inspection
	- set date
	- print old report and go through it
# to do tomorrow
BASED ON SAMA RESPONSE FOR 328
- message eric about 328 lab space
- make a safety sign for it
- remove food

safety inspection
- update the lab dashboard with peoples uw netids
- send the inspector over what documents we have for the CHP
- print new lab safety manuals and put them in 342, 332 
- email eh&s about getting access to sigmacote to post it on the chemical exchange / arrange pickup

**you have to test a fly today**

message princess - narrow bandpass filter in 359
sign up for lab safety practices 
put the bonsai chat on the lab calendar

11:30 
- rich, carter, me work on humidity reservoir

PRE 1:30
- put away the long white light in 365
- tidy up lab spaces

WEDNESDAY 1:30
- mary photoshoot!
- lab coats, no ethanol bottles in shots
- help direct as needed

WEDNESDAY 3:30
- go over maui paperwork with karin

THURSDAY
- mateo, mary, me bonsai meeting - in 365 @ 1

3/5 1 PM 
EH&S INSPECTION