# focus
- safety binder
# to do

## today
- ~~1:30 - lab meeting
## personal space
- ~~flip cross bottles
- ~~early collection check
- ~~late collection check
## static stability
- ~~post meeting notes with lydia
## etc
- ~~respond to laurence
	- ~~set up zoom link
	- ~~write some base questions for laurence
	- ~~set up camera

- ~~post meeting notes from last 1-1
- ~~add to order sheet~~ *ask sama if princess can keep an ice bucket in 359*
	- vial flugs
	- ice bucket 
- ~~pick up and process packages

- next time i autoclave GET PICTURES ACCORDING TO THE AUTOCLAVE AGORA
- tu and co2 tanks
	- extra tank?
	- not asking me for my receipts?
## AFTER DEC 1
- meet with mary to talk about assisting with the hotcell project
	- bring up ideas in [[post 10.23.2024]]
## enki
- write an agora for enki *do this after princess is able to use him in a functional capacity*
	- how to build 
		- parts list
		- length of all tubes used
		- STL file for needle holder and sample holder?
	- how to use
	- how to maintain
	- troubleshooting
	- draw a schematic
## maui
- MAUI safety binder
	- make sections in the binder + organize
	- what needs to be in there 
		- ~~Emergency information
		- CHP lab specific
			- compressed gas SOPs
		- ~~laser safety procedure 
		- safety matrix for each worker
		- safety training records for each worker
		- ~~lab floor plan
		- self inspection records *make a section for future inspections*
		- ~~lab safety manual
	- what do we need to do to get the laser certified?
		- wait for completed installation and then contact amy (<[amylhlim@uw.edu]>) and set up an inspection / hazard assessment 
			- complete the safety binder
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
- how to add new people to maui?
	- PERSON
		- safety trainings
			- fire extinguisher
			- lab chemicals
			- compressed gas
			- laser worker safety
	- BINDER
		- add a new safety training matrix sheet
		- add a new safety training record sheet
		- add a new name + contact information to pg 16 of the LSM (personnel list)
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble 365/332/342
- go through and address the notes in 2/16/2024 safety report on the lab safety dashboard
	- check that all feasible notes have been addressed
- update lab safety dashboard
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips
# notes
## order
- ~~morning set up
- ~~flip cross bottles
- ~~check bottles for flies
- ~~post meeting notes - 1-1
- ~~post meeting notes - static stability
- ~~process packages
- set up camera for zoom meeting
- ~~add things to the order sheet
- write questions for laurence
- look at gas SOP

## order 2
- ~~1:30 - lab meeting
- ~~set up camera for zoom
- ~~write questions for laurence
- look at gas SOP 
	- edit
	- print
	- cross off binder + continue to make progress
## questions for laurence

### his seminar topic
**Exploring sleep states and their behavioural correlates in Drosophila**   

Sleep is a universal yet diverse phenomenon across the animal kingdom, varying greatly in duration, patterns, and brain activity both within and between animal classes. Drosophila has become a key model for studying sleep, yet its sleep has traditionally been viewed as monophasic, despite recent evidence suggesting underlying multiphasic brain activity. This talk will explore how behavioural tracking and modelling can offer non-invasive insights into sleep quality and patterns. In particular, it will highlight how different Drosophila species have evolved distinct sleep strategies to adapt to their ecological niches.

- can you give us a summary / condensed version of your seminar?
	- specifically im interested in the connections between sleep strategies and ecological niche
- why are you interested in the ahmed lab?
	- what are you seeking in an ideal workplace?
	- what do you value in a workplace? 
	- what other lab groups have you been a part of, how were they? how did you like them?
- what techniques do you use to conduct your research?
- what drew you to connecting neurological behaviors to the animals corresponding ecological niche?
	- hey :D thats kinda what i do :D

## gas SOP
I can't answer these questions without the SDS

- the SOP in the dropbox is barely filled out, so im working on it. still need the SDS
- page 6 - how to fill this out?
	- how do we handle an accidental gas release?
	- spill clean up materials?
- what do you do if someone is exposed?
# done
- responded to laurence and set up a day to meet
- flipped cross bottles
- tossed old bottles
- wrote 1-1 notes ([[post 10.30.2024]])
- wrote lydia StSt meeting notes ([[stst meeting 10-30-2024]])
- processed packages
- added items to order sheet
- 1:30 lab meeting
- late check 
- camera set up for zoom
- wrote up some questions for laurence tomorrow
# to do tomorrow
- 11 - meet with laurence
- weeklys
	- order objects
	- order fly food
	- prep slides
	- flush eyewash
- find a buddy for midquarter goals
- contact linde for the SDS