# focus

# to do
## today
- ~~9 - lab meeting
- ~~11:30 -  notebook day

- reseal gooseneck in the old box
- return for gooseneck light
- return for valtcan fume extractor *tomorrow with tu*

- transfer hotcell notes to obsidian
- NSC paperwork to sama

- flip flies
- set up cross for the hotcell flies
	- who female and who male?
- collect more WT flies

- flip sama quarantine flies

 ~~**UPDATE MYCHEM WITH 361 CHEMICALS**
	- ethanol
	- atr
	- sigmacote
	- jerseycote
- ~~list sigmacote for chemical exchange

## notebook updates
- **back up my obsidian notebook to github (personal or ahmedlab)**
- ~~transfer hard notebook notes
- try new things with my obsidian notebook
	- calendar!
	- page layouts!
	- task lists!
	- new and updated hubs!
- go through and back tag pages to project hubs
- plan a period on friday for a summary period
- ~~update notebook day note in the ahmed agora
## weeklys
- ~~order objects
- ~~order fly food
- ~~flush eyewash
## QOL
- tool box - what do we need for tools BEFORE we order a box
## etc
- signs
	- make signage for main lab spaces
	- NOT 403A
- python practice
## non-research goals
- finish logging flystocks
- laser hazard walkthrough points
## troubleshoot incubation chambers
- autotune on gabriel
- reach out to rich - further things to try 
## laser hazard walkthrough deliverables
THINGS AMY WANTS
- light tight laser enclosure
	- *objects needed ordered*
- laser in use sign - switch the front sign piece to red in place of green
- what wavelength do we use?
	- alignment -
	- operation - 920 nm
- signage on the hallway doors - for emergency personnel to know the center rooms are occupied
	- building coordinator contact about this
	- *emailed william about this - reached out to amy about it*
- add karin to the binder
## hotcell
- add filter/no filter videos to slide show
- make a list of different things I want to test 
	- single fly WT
	- single fly Hotcell
	- 2 WT
	- WT Hotcell with ID model

- write down notes taken today with mary in my obsidian
	- ESPECIALLY highlight tests to perform and experiment ideas
- read the natural behavior paper

QUESTIONS
- ask mateo about quantifying latency graphs + recording them to a .csv

REMEMBER
- screen record for the pose boxes and play around with ID later?

## enki
- write an agora for enki *do this after princess is able to use him in a functional capacity*
	- how to build 
		- parts list
		- length of all tubes used
		- STL file for needle holder and sample holder?
	- how to use
	- how to maintain
	- troubleshooting
	- draw a schematic
- [[enki breakdown]] continue
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
- how to add new people to maui?
	- PERSON
		- safety trainings
			- fire extinguisher
			- lab chemicals
			- compressed gas
			- laser worker safety
	- BINDER
		- add a new safety training matrix sheet
		- add a new safety training record sheet
		- add a new name + contact information to pg 16 of the LSM (personnel list)
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble 365/332/342
- go through and address the notes in 2/16/2024 safety report on the lab safety dashboard
	- check that all feasible notes have been addressed
- update lab safety dashboard
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips
# notes
## notebook day notes
### for my notebook
- **upload my notebook to github**
- make a todo list i can actually check off
- add a way to time block + a calendar (filled and unfilled circles?)
	- visual schedule and time blocking
	- *its about trying things! try things out and then change them to make them work!*
- make a template for my daily note with real check off boxes for my todo list
	- that could mean i could track tasks completed on a calendar, test and see if thats valuable

- check out the following plugins
	- tasks
	- calendar
	- omnisearch
	- explore others
#### GOALS
- Set up template for daily notes
- make better project hubs?
	- better? better organized - a chronological and a more organized thematic note
- add more tags and more back connecting
	- link to hubs! link to projects!
	- *go through my old notes and begin to do this*
- try out other plugins 
	- calendar
	- tasks

#### things to try
- moving my to do list to a different place than just my daily 
	- a pressing list and a background list?
	- 15 minutes and 1 hour?
- weekly summary note 
	- what did i work on? achieve? need to do? obstacles?
- more hub notes
	- projects - fill in with days and notes for real
	- tags - what to tag?

key?
- it should be easy to answer questions using my notebook

### future notebook days
- future notebook days - more topic / question focused
	- how do people address this thing?
	- how do you overcome this obstacle?
	- how do you take notes on this kind of data?
- open ended / topic specific both useful
- come in with more facilitation questions
	- like what kyle was doing - anything to show off, what works, what would you like to improve, what have you tried and moved away from and why?
	- integrate a github push for notebooks at the end of the period (like 10 - 15 minutes) - regular updating for everyone

### UPLOADING TO GITHUB 
FUCK how do i access my personal access token

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
## humidity
gabriel still having issues - beez still having issues
beez too high and gabriel too high AND too low
try autotune on gabriel

## order
- ~~update ahmed lab notebook day note
- ~~update mychem with chemicals
- ~~list sigmacote on the exchange in mychem
- backup obsidian on github
- hotcell notes into obsidian
- start organizing notes (new hubs - for hotcell, write ideas for hotcell)
# done
- lab meeting
- ordered objects
- ordered fly food
- flushed eyewash
- lab notebook day
- made fly traps for 342
- hard notes into notebook for notebook day
- updated ahmed lab 'how to run a notebook day' agora
- updated mychem chemical inventory
- listed sigmacote on the uw chemical exchange
# to do tomorrow
WEDNESDAY
- fume extractor return with Tu
- check lab rooms again for safety (cover the morgues)

WEDNESDAY ON
- water nastacia's plants
	- fill up black bottom part for pitcher plant
	- other - little bit of water