# focus
- personal space
- needle holder

# to do
## today
- ~~2 - meeting with sama?
	- asked the question, waiting for the response

## personal space
- ~~pick up and cap fly food~~ *food wasnt delivered when it was supposed to be!! so i need to do this tomorrow!!*

- ~~early collection
- ~~late collection

- ~~early testing~~ *no samples to test early! the tracking sheet said there were, and karin said she would update the tracking sheet but she didnt! so i set up and cleaned up the whole space for no reason!!*
- ~~late testing~~ 

## etc
- ~~pick up and process packages
- ~~update gabriel issues page
	- call darwin?
	- *humidity normal, no call*

## enki
- print needle holder v1

- write an agora for enki
	- how to build 
	- how to maintain
	- draw a schematic
	- lengths of the tubes *do when we have a solid rig*
## maui
- MAUI safety binder *look into safety project notes for this*
	- what needs to be in there
		- laser safety procedure - written by PI and safety officer - template online
		- what class is our laser?
			- CLASS 4 !! 
		- training certificates for workers
		- laser safety manual
		- lab safety manual
	- what do we need to do to get the laser certified?
		- check through emails
		- wait for completed installation and then contact amy (<[amylhlim@uw.edu]>) and set up an inspection / hazard assessment 
			- fully enclose the laser path
			- complete the safety binder
		- then she'll help us get registered, proper signage (if we need new signage), and then we'll be good to go

- laser registration
## agoras
- how to add flies to the stock list
	- translate fly stock notes
## C priorities 
### agora additions
- write an agora on how to add flies to the stock list
- write an agora - dictionary of all the short hand phrases on our fly stocks
### personal organization
- add og fly notes to obsidian
- add stock add notes to obsidian
- add balancer notes to obsidian
- add recombination notes to obsidian
- start document of questions and answers for the fly gene stuff
### safety
- pick up a pad of UW hazardous waste labels 
	- HSB J-014 - not 12 to 1, not after 3:30
- safety binder assemble? (not a super high priority honestly)
### etc + long term projects
- sigmacote and jerseycote
	- work with EHS to determine how to get rid of the sigmacote ONCE I RECEIVE THE JERSEYCOTE, preferably by exchanging it / giving it to another lab on campus
- set up binder for packing slips



# notes
## maui binder pages to check
[[Lab Safety Manual Status]]
[[LSM Notes]]
[[Room Status]]
[[maui safety binder]]

from emails between lydia and amy about laser certification
- laser needs to be properly registered
- amy needs to come in and do a hazard assessment
- **laser safety procedure sheet**

heard back from amy yesterday - she said all of the things i have planned for the binder sound good AND i dont need to print the laser safety manual, or SOPS, or MyChem and SDS info, i have updated [[maui safety binder]] accordingly and it feels much more manageable now

## order
- ~~clean 365
	- take fly trash out. new bag
	- new trap.
- ~~start testing (list for pc125 / pc 126 / pc127 in notebook)~~ nothing to test
- ~~early collection
	- ~~check gabriel~~ *gabriel back up to 70*
- package process
- ~~update gabriel page
- pick up and cap fly food

## 12:39
- ~~lunch!
- ~~pick up and cap food
- ~~packages
- late collection
- 3:30 - testing start

## gabriel
- late collection - humidity dropped + alarm went off, started to rise again
## 365
- fly trash is completely overfull.
- flies are everywhere
- the fly trap was incredibly wet and soupy
- flies left in the chamber over night
- labels scattered around the lab space
- balled up labcoats on a table?
- i asked her to clear old samples off the table. she said she would. she didnt, so i set up the testing room (ie cleaned up after her) when in fact i have NO samples to test in the early period today

flies are EVERYWHERE which makes the small space really hard to work in.

it feels like a waste of my time to have to go in after her and clean up the space after not using it for a month 

if she wants assistance for this project, i need work from her to help me with that. i am here to help with data collection, not to clean up after her.

1) how is she handling the flies that so many are escaping?
2) how is she handling background maintenance tasks that so many are getting half finished or fully neglected? 

if you dont have time to do something correctly, you do not have time to do it.

I need to talk to karin / **talk to sama to talk to karin** about 1) general cleanliness in lab environments and 2) finishing tasks - putting things where they belong + handling trash, all of the background tasks that are integral to running the research tasks.

i should not be the one cleaning 365 if i havent used it in a month.

**i feel, genuinely, like this is a waste of my time. if she wants help, i need her to work with me. ie. cleaning up the space, finishing her tasks, updating the tracking sheets. what is the point of me helping her if i spend the majority of my time cleaning up after her? its a waste of my time - im not a maid. it feels genuinely disrespectful**

*turn this into a document i can give to sama*
# done
- cleaned 365
- updated ps tracking sheet
- wrote down some feelings about working with karin on ps - will talk to sama about them when he gets back
- early collection
- gabriel page updated
- processed packages
- cleaned downloads folder
- took 332 trash out
- late collection
- pc125
# to do tomorrow
- late collection
- pick up food and cap

- autoclave
- make a condensed plan on how to talk to sama about karin

- make fly traps
- add bubblers to the order sheet - measure the flask openings 

- call darwin - humidity issues