## To Do
- ~~Continue reading EH&S LSM + note *on pg 157*
	- get access to the lab safety dashboard
		- *emailed labcheck@uw.edu to try and get access to the lab safety dashboard*
	- *if i finish reading 1) compile notes into to do lists for binders/lab rooms/manual and 2) begin to implement*

- Read Twist
- Read Agora
	- take notes on things that would make it easier to use / onboard

- ~~email biokeys (? double check this) for LSB access
	- *did it and waiting to hear back*

- ~~3pm - meet hibah in 342 for fly food

- *check in on Tu + pro card tomorrow*

- tomorrow: make my slides for 1-1 with sama
- ~~get set up for printing
## Notes

continuing LSM on pg 133
- must keep a log of all HAZARDOUS waste thats been treated for 6 years, and be able to provide it to EH&S on request
	- does this include flies? like gut instinct says no
- there is a laboratory safety checklist to use for self inspections + a safety inspection tool on the lab safety dashboard
	- record dat of the self inspection, findings and follow up in paper or electronically for self inspections
- all chemical information needs to be kept for 30 years
- all other obsolete documents (old eyewash maintenance records, inventory that are not chemicals etc)

Emergency procedures for the lab need to be developed and implemented
quoting from UW EH&S LSM

Prevent emergencies in laboratories and minimize the effects of an emergency by doing the following: 
1. Post emergency phone numbers, the Exposure Response Poster, and the Spill Response Poster. 
2. Identify the locations of emergency equipment on a floor plan; make sureall staff know the locations of the equipment, such as a spill kit. Templates to help create a single lab floorplan and a multi-room floorplan are available online. 
3. Keep access to emergency equipment and electrical panels unobstructed. 
4. Know locations of shutoffs for equipment including electrical, gas and water. 
5. Train personnel to retrieve SDSs for laboratory chemicals using MyChem. 
6. Separate incompatible chemicals—a chemical incompatibility chart is available online. 
7. Frequently dispose of chemical wastes and clean out unneeded chemicals and surplus; dispose of unneeded items. 
8. Ensure electrical wires and equipment are in good condition. 
9. Discuss accidents and near misses to prevent future accidents. 
10. Periodically complete the laboratory inspection checklists found online. 
11. Discuss safety topics periodically in staff meetings.

we need to label pipes + hoses 

what would we do if the incubators die / mites take them over? do we have backup crosses or would we need to start from scratch

where is the information saved + backed up? is it multiple locations (machine/service dies or malfunctions)

flashlights if the power goes out

spill kits / fire extinguisher / emergency kit

if an accident needs to be reported, OARS MUST be used within 24 hours

EH&S emergency report number : 
- (8-5 weekdays) 206 543 7262
- (after hours, reach through UWPD) 206 685 8973
have these numbers posted in the lab for accident reporting 

do i need to have people practice reporting in OARS?

post spill response poster in main lab rooms (342 and 332)

get sheets / towels for the chemical shower?
get back up clothes for the chemical shower?
SUITE SIGN FOR THE HALLWAY

does our lab have natural gas?

there is a moving in checklist that would be a useful reference

**I'm in the appendices now**

Lab floorplans need to include the following:
- Eyewash Stations 
- Emergency Phone Number Signs 
- Emergency Showers 
- Direction of Exit 
- Fire Extinguishers 
- Gas Shut-Off Valves for Benches 
- First Aid Kits 
- Ventilation Systems 
- Flammable Liquid Storage Cabinets 
- Spill Kits 
- Glove Boxes 
- Electrical Panels/Circuit Boxes 
- Any other specialized equipment or operation with safety implications

fill out an eh&s matrix for each lab member, get them to complete the required trainings, record them and then have sama sign the document

trainings that need to be recorded
- safety orientations
- work policies
- training on equipment and procedures
- use of hazardous substances

SOP required elements saved to the safety folder
- i need to make a list of things that need SOPs
	- chemicals / compressed gas / laser / fly pushing?

appendix E is allll checklists

if the lab doesnt have a fire extinguisher, reach out to facility services, in appendix F of the UW EH&S LSM

required laboratory specific information : 
- Laboratory floor plans 
- General laboratory safety rules 
- Designations of individuals performing the following tasks: 
	- Chemical Hygiene Officer 
	- Maintaining first aid supplies 
	- Maintaining chemical inventories 
	- Performing certain safety protocols 
- Any special instructions for receiving and storing hazardous materials 
- Locations and contents of chemical spill kits 
- Location of Emergency Plans 
- Location of MSDSs/SDSs and other safety reference materials if stored separately from the Laboratory Safety Manual 
- Operating procedures for equipment 
- Training records (or location of same if stored separately from the Laboratory Safety Manual) 
- Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for hazardous materials 
- Segregate and store your chemicals correctly. Refer to this manual and our website for more information www.ehs.washington.edu.

i have more required trainings to do
- laboratory safety compliance
- laboratory safety practices

OKAY I HAVE FINISHED THE LSM

---
notes that came to mind about things to go through and do - ordering and general operations

measure the cold room (342A?) AND THE DOORWAYS (remember the double doorways that have to be worked around) for a freezer - don't want to get one too small to be useful OR too large to fit
	- ALSO write and post rules for the cold room (no plastic on floor, no cardboard on floor etc) to help with compliance (stay away from mites / mold)

maybe look into ordering mite killer as a just in case? contrast and compare a couple different brands for cost / effectiveness / danger to flies

---
lydia knows more about the printer, need to sign up for an account
supply closet requires a key, ask for it at psych front desk
mail room will have smaller packages / paper mail / packing slips sometimes

when submitting fly food order, ALWAYS send a copy of responses to yourself

need to replace old caution signs with updated contact information

---
## Done
- Labeled and checked keys
- Emails
	- biokeys@uw.edu for LSB access
	- melissa about my union status - she is not the person for that
	- labcheck@uw.edu to try and get access to the lab safety dashboard
- COMPLETED reading the UW EH&S LSM
- Hibah showed me the printer, the supply closet + the mailboxes
- got set up with copier account
	- *need to troubleshoot this, i downloaded the installer, but it made my computer restart and then when I'm trying to access it now, it just goes through the install process really quickly and then has me hit finish, when I'm supposed to put my information in to set up my account. Maybe ill just wait until i get my lab computer and then set this up on there*
- completed laboratory safety compliance training
- Ordered fly food with Hibah

---
### To Do Tomorrow
- set up my slides for a 1-1 with sama
- check in with Tu about a new procard
- **start doing my safety checklist making** 
	- reading through my notes
	- making checklists of things to do based on these notes
- read twist
- read agora
- go over things with Hibah?
----
References
1) [UW Lab Safety Manual](https://www.ehs.washington.edu/system/files/resources/lsm.pdf#page=17)

#labdaily 