# To Do

## Purchases and Orders
- watch workday video hibah posted on the lab server
- work on the consumable sheet 
## Karin's Project
- Review Drosophila primer
- Talk with Karin about her project
	- read and review protocols
	- understand the WHY of the project
	- *scheduled for 5/22 @ 1:30*

- Get fly trained by Karin / Lydia / Mary
	- *karin said she will*
## Safety Project
- go through the lists and start to knock things off
- ~~generate questions for EH&S 
	- what do other labs do with their flies?
	- how many fire extinguishers do we need and where?
## Consumables Project
- add secondary vendor for consumables
- first baseline consumables check
- add locations for consumables and then reorganize sheet into chunks of rows

- Next week, bring this system + purchasing up with sama and sdit
- introduce system to the lab
- calendar event for consumable check

## ETC
- ~~Order Fly Food
- ~~Flush Eye Wash
- ~~make slides for 1-1

- find the joint lab space
- ~~get on lab website
# Notes
## Priorities
1) Karin's project
	1) Get protocol and purpose details from Karin
		- *Scheduled for 5/22 @ 1:30*
	2) Get fly trained (sexing / pushing / flipping)
		- *asked Karin on twist - she said yes, we will find a time*
1) Safety + EH&S Questions
	1) ~~Generate questions
	3) ~~Ask questions
	4) Implement
2) Consumables
3) Purchasing

---
## Questions for EH&S
- What do other fly labs on campus do with their dead flies?
	- IE freeze / autoclave / freeze and autoclave
- Which of our lab spaces (332/342/359/365) require a fire extinguisher?
- The 365 lab space consists of computers and a microscope used to look at flies. It is also directly adjacent to 359. Does this room require its own lab binder / fire extinguisher / spill kit? *it says it does, but that sounds so silly*
- Hazardous waste needs to be logged for 6 years, does this include dead flies?
- I understand that every lab space needs a binder with the SOPs and lab safety manual, but does every binder require the listed safety information as well?

## Checklist from notes reread
- First aid kit in 359/365?
- PPE in 359 / 365 / 342
- Nonpotable water sign in 332
- new signs
- new plexiglass holders

--- 
## Post EH&S call 
- flies have to be autoclaved, but don't need to be logged as hazardous waste
- only need fire extinguishers in room where its a likelihood of being a risk (so maybe 359)
- same suite - don't need multiple binders (so don't need a binder for 365)
- multiple lab binders - only one is required to have the lab training record sand the risk assessment - all lab binders need the LSM and SOPs
- EH&S office hour - last tuesday of the month at 3pm for questions and documents

---
I received packages, 
- but i need to add them to the orders + purchases
	- need links and details from hibah
- I need to verify them on workday
	- need links and details from hibah
	- need to know what to do with packages with no packing slip
---
## OKAY
Tomorrow I need to 
- Talk to Tu to figure out what to do if theres no packing slip
- get the mails hibah sent to Tu to order forwarded to me by either hibah or tu so i can
	- verify the purchases on workday
	- add the purchases to the lab purchase sheet
- I also need to tell people that purchases have arrived (but i dont want to do that yet, before i get product information and packaging gets separated from materials)

- Get protocol infor from Karin about her project and understand it
- get fly trained, maybe tomorrow and maybe another time

- lab safety 
	- finalized list making - what needs to be purchased? what needs to be added to the binder? start doing the assessments / filling out the forms that need to be places

- Add alt vendors to consumables

---

# Done
- Ordered fly food
- created psycal account
- lab meeting booking done through June
- flushed eyewash
- sent key request to biokeys for processing

- trying to troubleshoot papercut
	- remove from laptop and reinstall
	- trying to find where it is on my laptop so i can remove it
- received packages
	- going to talk to tu
		- what do i do with a package if there's no packing slip?
		- could you forward any order emails hibah sent from 4/30 on? (so i can add it to the order sheet and fill out the workday things)
		- *messaged hibah about sending me products sent to tu*

#labdaily 